Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: Git allows us to keep consistent track of changes to files, especially code. It's fast & efficient, large volumes of projects and enormous code can be handled easily. Multiple people 
can develop in parallel using a common repository and separate branches, communicating changes via push and pull requests, and each developer
has a copy of the project saved locally on their desktop or elsewhere (distributed system).

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: Data science can be applied to the field of marketing. Any application of marketing must collect and analyze
large amounts of customer data, for instance purchase patterns at a retail store, social media feeds, etc. Using them 
to formulate effective marketing strategies to reach a wider target audience. Data Science would be used in the interpretation 
of that data to draw trends, trends would then be used to develop marketing measures, aiming to maximize results. 

Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: Merging and rebasing differ in how they integrate changes from one branch
into another branch. Merging takes all the changes you made in one branch and 
merges them into another branch with one commit. Rebasing would mean 
that you the point at which you branched to move to another starting point. So for instance,
merging would be used if you made a branch for the purpose of developing one feature and wanted
to merge it into the master. Rebasing would be used if another developer made a change, and you pulled 
the current repository, and you rebase to base your changes from the current version from the repository.

Q4: What are you looking forward to this semester?

Answer: I am looking forward most to understanding the real world applications of data science, being a C.S major specializing in Machine Learning 
where knowing data science is a must. I look forward to discovering more about the libaries and technologies we experiment with, pandas, and sqlite as of now, and more down the line. 
I notice we have a chance to really explore concepts like N.L.P, feature engineering, and other Machine Learning oriented concepts, so 
I want to see just how this class ties into Machine Learning, which I am just now beginning to understand at a high level. I 
also look forward to do projects and experiments leveraging data science concepts, to appreciate the field
on its own. 